In this video,
we're going to continue our work from the last clip and create a
key pair for an EC2 instance using the AWS SDK.
Back in your code editor, on line 73 we have our createKeyPair function.
This function will take a keyName argument, which is defined and passed above.
Let's start by creating our trusty params object on line 74.
A key pair only really needs one property,
which is easy for us,
and its KeyName to which you can assign the keyName argument.
You may have noticed by now that all the property keys that
the SDK expects are using Pascal case.
All of my variables, however, are camel cased,
following typical JavaScript convention.
Just be aware that the SDK is absolutely case sensitive,
so you can't get by swapping cases.
After declaring your params object,
let's return a new Promise with a callback function with
arguments resolve and reject as the argument.
Inside that callback function, we can call the EC2 function,
createKeyPair, passing params as the first argument.
The second argument is a callback function with the err and data objects.
If there's an error, then call reject with the err object.
In the else, call resolve with the data object.
This data object is important because when the key pair is created in AWS,
the function returns the contents of that key pair's private key.
If you don't save this locally, the key pair is essentially useless.
I've provided a helper function that will actually take this
key pair data and save it locally as a file.
If you don't resolve the data argument here,
it basically throws away the created key pair.
Now our key pair has been created.
If you scroll up to line 15,
you'll see the key pair persistence being called after
the createKeyPair function is called.
In the next clip,
we'll take the work we've done creating a security group and key pair and create an EC2 instance using both.